Linne 8. apr 1752
A illustrious, to send the rest being a follower and friend of my avoyer Goettingenses Doctor. For, even if these powers in the republic of letters than a year and allowed hardly be more apt to also win the argument in your favor. It is your work, too, am a student, by the illustrious man, since those, from whose writings I have advanced thus, the greatest, who are living, so that You are the one the teachers of the public, which are also not to approach nearer, it is not easy to know, but on account of a public reward for every private individual venerable, may, with the teachers, to call he is equal. Fortified lllustrium men Hallen & Walhofii evidence Hafniam 4 months before I came, and having been fortunate, Germany (Anspacensis France), that favor men, King extremely popular with our faith. The king is indicated, it commanded it to be, to make a fair which is proposed to by my name, are to be placed under the dominion of him to the utmost of my labor, and that he wished to practice it. When the station decided that I am not a member of the University. Meanwhile, with the court Botaniee attention and alert. The hope is to be established in this city, Botanical Garden. Meanwhile prepared for this purpose and carry it out of the way. And the saying pleased me, seemed to offer so great a mind to be done. There have only without causing the leading garden and promised that will be necessary. The help of which you will be able to, it will help me, to every one of the illustrious Haller. I am writing today, they give me to you, a renowned letters. So I have no doubt in their style. Simply put you in the future, too, I doubt not, then as a patron of our efforts, just as in the description of his garden, in the manner worthy of the praise is given to the merits of the garden of Upsaliensium of others. Again, not to be able to state their view that they did not repent of his will towards me, you, all those studies I hope that I shall achieve it, which can be expected to acknowledge with grateful heart. Therefore, even help to me over and over again at the request of your illness, a man illustrious for his. Quarter indicate each of which will be necessary. In the meantime, it is easy, by examination, at the beginning, no, not in reality need to be & the best way, by examination, what the ground Hafniensi members can agree, and one places it Goettingensis of the garden of the catalog of judgments by degrees, what has taken place I may be able to wait, why do not I can, I, send me, I pray thee, and of plants the seeds, which will be on which it is first can be done now. It has been taken, which will be created is entered into, as soon as possible was pointed out to man he was. The offices of Amoebeus should be furnished, although there may on occasion, by the mind of a disposition very. As time passed, our literary communication, &, &, if this is a joy that this honor is permitted to hope for, hath looked down, but also to be of unimpaired by any means, not only the seeds of a plant, which will be able to grant the second, they can be transported Hafniam. It is too late for this purpose; he is to receive I am, admitted, I see that, when now a great length, and the year it has gone, and the heavy is the beginning, the beginning of everything as it is, consider them in the cause of so much the rather slow on account of this, too, is the success. But I hope that the success of my efforts, too, so it is not favorable response from some people, who are at least one kind of law, can not escape the eyes. I got this letter will answer, and the answer of course favorable, if you probaro skill in the art, and like you, a lover of men and gods. You are worthy of paying homage to an illustrious verify the alert Georg Christian Öeder Copenhagen before 8 April 1752, add the inscription of letters to me pause for a Öeder, Docteur en Medecine and correspondent roiale de l’Academie des Sciences de Gottingen a Copenhague à Monsieur Monsieur Gray, Archiater, and Professor en medecine a UpsaL now a great length, and the year when it comes forth, the beginning of a heavy, as it is the beginning of all it will be the cause of so much the rather slow on account of this, too, is the success. But I hope that the success of my efforts, too, so it is not favorable response from some people, who are at least one kind of law, can not escape the eyes. I got this letter will answer, and the answer of course favorable, if you probaro skill in the art, and like you, a lover of men and gods. You are worthy of paying homage to an illustrious verify the alert Georg Christian Öeder Copenhagen before 8 April 1752, add the inscription of letters to me pause for a Öeder, Docteur en Medecine and correspondent roiale de l’Academie des Sciences de Gottingen a Copenhague à Monsieur Monsieur Gray, Archiater, and Professor en medecine a UpsaL now a great length, and the year when it comes forth, the beginning of a heavy, as it is the beginning of all it will be the cause of so much the rather slow on account of this, too, is the success. But I hope that the success of my efforts, too, so it is not favorable response from some people, who are at least one kind of law, can not escape the eyes. I got this letter will answer, and the answer of course favorable, if you probaro skill in the art, and like you, a lover of men and gods. You are worthy of paying homage to an illustrious verify the alert Georg Christian Öeder Copenhagen before 8 April 1752, add the inscription of letters to me pause for a Öeder, Docteur en Medecine and correspondent roiale de l’Academie des Sciences de Gottingen a Copenhague à Monsieur Monsieur Gray, Archiater, and Professor en medecine a UpsaL For this reason, it will have much slower advance. But I hope that the success of my efforts, too, so it is not favorable response from some people, who are at least one kind of law, can not escape the eyes. I got this letter will answer, and the answer of course favorable, if you probaro skill in the art, and like you, a lover of men and gods. You are worthy of paying homage to an illustrious verify the alert Georg Christian Öeder Copenhagen before 8 April 1752, add the inscription of letters to me pause for a Öeder, Docteur en Medecine and correspondent roiale de l’Academie des Sciences de Gottingen a Copenhague à Monsieur Monsieur Gray, Archiater, and Professor en medecine a UpsaL For this reason, it will have much slower advance. But I hope that the success of my efforts, too, so it is not favorable response from some people, who are at least one kind of law, can not escape the eyes. I got this letter will answer, and the answer of course favorable, if you probaro skill in the art, and like you, a lover of men and gods. You are worthy of paying homage to an illustrious verify the alert Georg Christian Öeder Copenhagen before 8 April 1752, add the inscription of letters to me pause for a Öeder, Docteur en Medecine and correspondent roiale de l’Academie des Sciences de Gottingen a Copenhague à Monsieur Monsieur Gray, Archiater, and Professor en medecine a UpsaL who are at least one kind of law, can not escape the eyes. I got this letter will answer, and the answer of course favorable, if you probaro skill in the art, and like you, a lover of men and gods. You are worthy of paying homage to an illustrious verify the alert Georg Christian Öeder Copenhagen before 8 April 1752, add the inscription of letters to me pause for a Öeder, Docteur en Medecine and correspondent roiale de l’Academie des Sciences de Gottingen a Copenhague à Monsieur Monsieur Gray, Archiater, and Professor en medecine a UpsaL who are at least one kind of law, can not escape the eyes. I got this letter will answer, and the answer of course favorable, if you probaro skill in the art, and like you, a lover of men and gods. You are worthy of paying homage to an illustrious verify the alert Georg Christian Öeder Copenhagen before 8 April 1752, add the inscription of letters to me pause for a Öeder, Docteur en Medecine and correspondent roiale de l’Academie des Sciences de Gottingen a Copenhague à Monsieur Monsieur Gray, Archiater, and Professor en medecine a UpsaL 


Linne 20. jun 1761

Dum Tibi, Vir Illustris, transmitto Programma de Opere, Flora Danica dicto,
quod una cum his literis ad Te curabit Aulae nostrae Legatus, jussu insuper regis
promitto Tibi Exemplar ipsius Operis cum iconibus pictis, donum munificientissimi
Regis, qui uti artibus scientiisque utilibus, ita scientiarum Clarissimis Magistris favet.
Tanto certius spero, Vir Illustris, Te non solum operis hujus inter vestrates benevolum
commendatorem, sed et Instituti nostri Botanici totius, horti potissimum fautorem
fore atque adjutorem, quem a Te petendi favorem et amicitiam adeo Tuam, cum
saepius esset consilium, nulla mihi aptior visa est occasio quam praesens. Rogo
itaque Te, ut persuasus sis, tanquam in arte magistrum, qui ingenti ingenio totum
naturae regnum complectitur, labore omnia incredibili minute exsequentem,
venerabundum me Te suspicere, et gratum fore studiosissimumque reddendorum
officiorum, si Tibi placuerit nascenti nostro horto ex instructissimo Tuo impertiri
partem seminum et radicum, quae Tibi supersunt. Nascitur hortus hic noster sub
optimis auspiciis et proxima adeo privataque tutela Regis nostri, nec parcitur
sumtibus, et redditus ego certae sedi, post longam in Norvegia absentiam,
positusque nunc in libero studio, sublatis impedimentis, et omnium gerendorum
norma certa praefixa, in instruendo demum horto, replendo, adornando, studium
operamque ponere nunc possum ponamque. Sunt nationi nostrae mercatura per
plerasque partes orbis terrarum extensa, nonnullae etiam extra Europam sedes s[ive]
Coloniae, et supersunt nobis occasiones undique conquirendi plantas, quibus ut
magis magisque utamur, nec nobis ipsi desimus, elaborabo. Spes ergo mihi est, etsi
jam nunc in ipsis suis initiis non potest non esse pauper noster hortus, fore tamen
post breve tempus, ut etiam nobis sit, quod exteris amicis horti communicando
gratum facere et amoebea officia praestare possimus. Si peregrinatores nostri Arabici,
quos nuper audivimus Massiliam appulisse, ex istis, quas adibunt oris, semina
mittunt, quae in meas manus provenient, promitto Tibi, Vir Illustris, omnium aequam
partem, et rogo Te, ne credas, quod persuasurus Te forte ivit bonus Forskål, quem
magni ceterum facio, sed qui nimis sane propria consilia amabat, et inde discedere
bono, ut aulici dicunt, modo (de bonne grace) sane nesciebat, ne itaque credas, Vir
Illustris, invidia nos erga amicam et vicinam vestram nationem teneri, quod si esset,
sane de Domino Forskål omnino non fuisset quaestio.
Additum, quem vides, Pinacis Tui Botanici indicem imprimis curavi, ut commercium
plantarum caussa cum amicis instituendum tanto redderetur expeditius libello, qui
literis inclusus cum cursoribus publicis per orbem circummitti potest. Subjecta nempe
virgula sub numero aut litera, quae quamlibet speciem designant, notas facio species,
quae praesto mihi sunt, quo oculo istic liquet, quid mihi desit, quid a me peti possit,
et facillimo labore ex eo exemplari, quod in meos usus paratum penes me servo,
quotiescunque lubet in alia transcribuntur a famulo lineolae. Tanto etiam majoris
usus indiculus hic est, quod Catalogi loco tuo, Pinace utor, et nomina generico-
trivialia inscripta tabulis ferreis oleo dealbatis et ex bacillis pendentibus, ipsis plantis
apposita in horto nostro conspiciuntur. Si, quod enixe item rogo, amicitia me Tua
dignari, ejusque usum concedere volueris, idque intellexero, transmittam ad Te aliud
Exemplar indiculi notatis speciebus, quae mihi praesto sunt. Transigam etiam, quae
curam attinent seminum et radicum, quas benevolus concedes, et, si Tibi lubuerit
Hortulano Tuo eorum conquirendorum jussum dare, videbo, ut operae ejus pretium
sit. Vale!
Addo salutem plurimam et venerationis testimonium a D[omin]o Ascanio.

Linne 9. sep 1761
The illustrious Linnaeo, Knight of the Golden, chief physician, and Botany top should be saved, it is said Oederus Gratissimae of your letter of the already 16 of August, were written on the day before the third last came back to me, have been set forth, I am surprised that, and I warn you, so that, if the response order with the letters unto the LORD, Forskål would you give to be provided with, not to suffer so great a cause of the delay. Of course, the two were gone to the Lord, if indeed you desire to do with my life to commit the care of Linnaeus, the letters of the same argument, I will take care of us, his lieutenant, with the door in Ottomannicam together in the air, and the other to London, with the ships, so that, every year from England, Mocci of Arabia, and to ask for the things that are wont to be cast. This additional attempts can be made, but do not dare to guarantee that for sure Forskalii into the hands reach these letters. They went forth, taking nothing of the Arabs have a Marseilles to Constantinople, and then in the words of our missionaries of whom we have heard. The purpose of the plan was not the best to look around them by continued about two months, and wait for the to continue to the journey and of Byzantium. There came a year ago, England Pelwyni written some countries adportandis of maintaining the seeds from all quarters, with the help of wax. Did your view, a renowned returns, especially with the use of salts of cooling? I will send intending to join the consul, by your Lord, Kruger Helsingnorae one living, and to his care, will commend as quickly as possible after Thee, for the transmission of a copy of the entire File list of the first Iconum to the Flora; for my appertaining to it, the dark to say, without the introduction of decoration and coloring, together with the part of the Copy are painted, or is lit up, as they call it, given as a gift to you to be destined our recently I reported. The seeds of this I will take care of your pattern, without delay, the rest of the boards to be perfected, and pray unto Thee I Will send, as soon as possible will be able to be done. In the meantime, however, you will be able to judge the work of the other have reliable copies of the tables, the pure, and this, indeed, in the first edition of the bundle of lights, make use of a new species of Thy hands, what they ought to beseech you to get a copy of the manga nostrati this song to Yahweh, who dwells with you, now, want to give information. It is added to the bundle in addition to their native title nomenclature of mention. The Lord Linnaeus are to be determined, I recall that the great me, to do and to whom the business, to which it is being used, is fully a match for, explain to you the future, you have written the letter, which seems at odds. When I thought about this, by joining with him was, due to hold in the time of the proud, but before unknown to man (it was said that the intention of contempt for the Lord, shall not be considered Falk) to take with him unknown to our assistants, for, I repeat, this is the first to propose ministers of the palace, their own measures of our own, that if he had not neglected his duty, and he had written, before joining the former partners of a young nostrate some of this thinking, I was convinced that I would get her to come to Falkio, which is strong in requests, and then being denied a base. But late arrival at 500 [omin] us Forskål after already notefactum the ever our young and fit men disquisitum would be the very same as with a model 500 [omi] n [n] Falk, no mention before it was present throughout the brunt of the offensive administrators, should take the form of confidence is the acme of our men, from the right to be surprised, he could not, that this is, indeed, the point of the ancients. However, when he bore it with difficulty, indeed, not to join in the plot, and the KRATZENSTEIN that Ascanius, by transferring the blame to the Lord is, as it were, in accordance with their resolution, even after the arrival of the said at last, began to be considered in some of the nostrate or would have been, who is capable of forskalei should be made a vow not to take it, he aroused the enmity of these in Himself, , and in seeking the effect of the means of courtiers, that we may seem to unjustly complaining. The content of my friends has been a delight for me to understand from your letter, as well as on the edge of Spengler, the smaller the better it is, because you are white, the testimony of Forskål to provide ourselves. Of course, first of all, the place I love the truth, and to safeguard a certain beauty of this, ‘I declare, but quietly, the opinion of the dissent is that it promotes will not leave me, friends, that so he should let me love you, the less I do the great teachers in the art, so that by no means should envy. And so, I beseech Thee, by the illustrious man, I feared that there was not a place you’d like to give these people the suspicion of it, which is excited by the rumors, the spread of whom were with you, you tell me. It seems, however, with Thine own not to survive the no. Rr affirmed 500 [omin] o Forskål me communicate with dried plants and seeds of that to me. Too late; thou come to ask if they were to be sent in writing to the occasions of Marseilles, this sense in accordance with the collection of his own, and shall be available to the ships of any one nation, or for pilgrims and the Sauvagesia our own, or, in England or in Holland into France to, without delay, grant him passage. You can write to him, when he wants to be able to get healthy and intact, which in my position. If to you yourself, by the illustrious man, the mind persists in so benevolent towards every man’s attitude toward me, and to me the foundation of a new garden, overflowing with gratitude from me, who receives the seeds, the hope of which you are doing, and not only done that with great pleasure that I will have an abundance of them, which might also perhaps now in the cradle and is pleasing to you, and feeds a garden that does, but in when making the first pair of parity in recent years have no doubt we will be unable am ready to pay the price of those that impart this in order to be allowed to do so. We still heats up in the summer and autumn is still far from where discharge; When the number of plants present are accomplished my forces, to send the book, which I wrote above, with the addition of shapes. You are waiting in front of the winter season the, from the will of the Lord, Miller, the good with the forces of seeds and of bulbs of the garden of Chelsean, as well as from France and from Holland and Germany, in many places, and also from the illustrious Haller, who instructed me to nuperrimae wrote a new way to prepare for the Enumerationis of his edition of the, to give him the target of a variety of the very the Alps have claimed, on to the rest, they are expressly rhaetici, properly taken suitable young men to have sent, in the last place in these years. There is now an inspector salt Bemensis country alpina, and the town in a certain context. You are waiting for the Lord, you will very soon Gorter Flora of Ingria, rather than me, So Michal let David down in Norway in the hands of any other person because a friend of mine, when I was there apelleret on an English ship, in which he asked for their native land, and his whole family, he left St. Petersburg, and all of DOOM. Farewell, and to me, wrote with all authority, as long as s displeasure for benevolentias Tuas West. Copenhagen, on 9 September 1761. 


Linne 21. sep 1761

According to the promise in a recent letter to send greetings Öeder Copenhagen, on 21 September 1761. a Linneaus Monsieur Monsieur Chevalier de l’Ordre de l’Etoile du Corps de Sa North Mc- medecin Majesty Suedoise and a Professor in the University of Upsala 



Linne 8. dec 1762

Illustrious, Carolus Linnaeus, Knight of the Golden, archiatra district remainder Health talks Georg Christian Öeder. , After seeing the first Book of the new edition of your book that, Species Plantarum of the saying, which to these are the first days of into the hands of my hands has reached, stirred, so that even in the most distant of my letter to tell you things I have asked, once more shall I ask is nevertheless strongly recommended, to prevent Flora Flora Danica in another way than the mere commemoration of the number of the boards of the of each one, omitting the names of the and excite you. I have shown in my program, for eating is of the work, the nature and the causes of this, why do you shut him from the description, or a language, and the text, as they say, we must eat the icons of plants, it is also clear to anyone who looks, tapestry, of icons the bundle of the first, are added on, the scope of that there was no one else but in the mean time, as long as the text is prepared of presenting the at least synonymous of the main tools of the authors ; to the knowledge of any one, either in the description and of every one of the characters of a plant adjuvarunt to diagram, or selector, to prevent unknowns, it clearly would receive the emtores soles of the feet. For synonymous, I say, therefore I will restore, none of which spoke openly for the sancitumve in my own name I declare that I want to, my industry, which is not a thing at all events the place, if indeed it never will be. For synonymous these things in a chronological, dispose, of time beginning after the discoverer of putting a stop up at the last your Pinace, however, neglecting the intermediate ones, who are an important nothing to do with the soles of the history they brought it, with the exception of Casparo Bauhino, synonymously to establish his dominion by the time of the collector, I am neither able to convince me of, the thing itself present at it, whether it be of time, the order of a right line whether it is the inverse of you would follow, that those we have or do something of mine he will stir up against either of them, the authors of this can be concluded in the mind, as it were, which is better than the place to him, as to me, he had first to pass by, a look up, or less than a man of you, as a prince in the art, Your system for last place since the last scroll quickly. This being so, I wish, and I waited for it to summon a bunch of this for the first time only reminder of number plates, inscribed with your everywhere names, the triuialibus folded, I expressed were adjiceres the books to mention Amman me, so that he came to see, at the corner Suecicarum. It is pleasing to Thee, by the illustrious man, in a general way, as it were from me, an adopted son’s name to send for the first time, which a great from the Synonymis a whole series of the Table of belonging thereto, to which, indeed, are different from, in my opinion utterly foreign to their made, of one of the iron, however, would have been able, if only the authors of the books, but the source of these synonymous satisfaction to their requests there are, at the same time named them. But now, when they see, and your books eg under the Saxifraga Stelleri the readers (and the same is the reason for most of the other places, where there is mention of my is produced) is the line of the last one: Sempervivum alpinum 13 Oed. Dan. i. 23 What Please consider these readers told me my book so long as they have, I do not know what the next step on you, and let me say, when my book will be the store. In the first case, silly, me, a man might believe, except, perhaps, the indulgence of a person, the name of the region to which it is probable, be surrendered to the work demanded to such a man will not be able to, a person that is accustomed to the reading of books, or be subject to Clusius’ He will suspect to be a typographic error. In one case, a citation and a marvelously surprised by my words and thoughts offered. Of course, by the illustrious man, if you’d like to evaluate the whole thing calmly, you will find are in their nature, so that those who covertly to be pushed down the enemy in my soul to be my might wish to me, and this work goes, we will generally be able to to establish the reasons of their own. I have the conviction of your profound knowledge of Well to be sure not to be overcome, and renowned for the clarity of your mind that you have to be absent from such a plan, that they might contend with me, be sorry for a place on such opinion is to be given to them. I can scarcely, by the illustrious man, hucdum, in one way or other, I know you can do, except it be that forskalei, as he himself wrote, and, of me unto thee the man replies, and, although it is not unclear, there is nothing, however, remember to be in me, and of me the discharging, over whom was I spoken, in which, indeed, all of the new regulation and the first stop is the taste. Thus, witness that you are and friends of Thy hand, if it should happen to merit of the utmost importance, at any time, no matter how famous as the man of the good will of some other way of any who seek to follow, so as to be unwilling to require the two duty to do. Persuaded of them, therefore, with the honesty of equity and justice be done, by the illustrious man, I hope to create obstacles to the greater inclination and which you had escaped, the less he is a wrong, to me, from which the citations of Thy right hand, even though you against your will, it is to be feared, however, be a continuation, and the amendment of his has done. As soon as the occasion arises, he shall offer the advantages of, Forward it to your entire bundle of the first model depicted by the best of our activity [Ari] it, and then ask, so that one half of which is now in your hands to make you beautiful young Fabritio that these letters you going. One file in the press and freshness. In the meantime, until the sound produced is sending you, if you wish, separate tables were impressed by all that is holy, that is, without colors. The last of the letter of the month of June of the current year were given by means of Livorno Forskalii Cairo has been established, so that the seed, and the handwritten, of which are especially mentioned, every day to look for, since it is of the merchants diligence, not wanting in nothing. The plant is contained in the ideal of these letters sent, rather than by my in the mind of the name of the symbol he had, but this was a species of the sole and, indeed, it is absolutely certain Cleomes and violet. If you want to send. Farewell, and may persuade myself to be among them, the ultimate in the art of praise, to please the one who does not consider the heads of the men with him. Copenhagen, on 8 December 1762. 


Linne 5. jan 1763

Health illustrious Linnaeo talks Oederi. No angry, but truly the impression that I lover her dear good man to do nothing beyond where they should be and, and if you need an answer to a recent day, your letter dated 24 December 1762. I decided to become famous would be as brief as I should render as well as the best, as is the letter of your subjungerem exscriptae part of the observations in my hands. Or add another word, unless remembrance of honor that I, a renowned, because of the huge Botanicam services to the public if there is someone else to pursue. Goodbye! At Copenhagen, on 3 January, 1763. See, Excerptum the letter of your “When you are angry, as I see it, the reasons for perhaps he did not admit it, And if they had been admitted, it is not in me, you were in shock, but on the contrary, It is yourself. If allowed to talk to friends, the greatest is this. Your prayers, etc. Munificentissime his mighty hand, I, King of Danes 1) and sent to a plant to countries in their regions out. The great painter depicted the most beautiful plants. Synonyms are added to the series, with no age 2) We would like it. I do not understand 3) may be any other manner are able to emit royalty task 4) no description of the facts, and especially without 5) the names of the plants, imposed such a way that it ever saw, but the Meriana the SURINAMENSIS, this woman was . I was unable 6) We argue Tuamque Amman without citing the name. The names of the there happened to be there, if not synonymous fashion. Haller citing the first paragraph is everywhere, 7) to show it to the board, in which he developed the plant, 8) but not to show it, since it was not your own. Who ever alleged 8) last synonym for the author? If this is done, what do you not with me, he would have been able to judge the Philantus my, what do you not 9), all the rest do? However, press 10) that feel bound to name the author, from which you desumserunt Your first name. I have often logismos 11) vaillants, BARRELIER & c., Where he assumed the name Tournefortii (not yet named Tournefortio), while the reader wanted to return the watch or a beautiful shape. There was quoted elders responsible for his erroneous names of 12), but because of their illustrations; If allegassem old author, reader, he would return to the observation and found to be stained and Caspar Colombia also proposed to be synonymous according to their ages, but they are always fixed his own name. 13) If this is done you will not be sorry for me or for others. You personally do you accuse him of error, but not the others, but the good. If one cares to follow the advice of my, 14) acts, but as long as the neighbor, emittas a bundle, the list of the names of your word, that they may know my readers, that which you make use of the name of Your people. For this, 15) from you, but this technique. It suits you came, so magnificent and truly royal work; Even more, if you please your descriptions, not 16), the malicious worse part of your interpretation, I will say that their brilliant painter and had done nothing to you – Sec. “Here is my observations 1) Allow me to be limited to the protection and Proud word may be allowed, as you know, I believe, you say that this entire amount is set Hafniense botany undertaken and continued to use mine. I make a selection would take place of man is this, whom you praise, a painter, I was the leader paints. Please do not be too prone to disregard this man has some serious man should know better than you can. 2) neither like nor dislike them. In fact, synonymous they are used, where they are found, the cause of, nor the name they are quoted (once it is known that a thing is to the knowledge of a thing does not contribute to the idea of ​​home, and only recalls to our minds), but in order to more clearly a place for it to be declared the book to be cited. 3) Why not? It can not be eaten without syltoge icons and descriptions as well as descriptions without icons, without maps, lists how geography and geography without cancellation? 4) It is true, promised descriptions and published after that so many years had to live not only for you, but the reasons are why the icon Description singled clarified in the program name, which provided, before you criticize 5) Icons say eating Meriana ectypi or forms, however a succedaneous herbarii of things, and now for the first time, so long as he only had reached, as it extends the forms stand still, to a straight line, no matter how a woman, care,. In fact, if the names of adjecissent, What matters adcognitionem able to offer more lonely and out of the system connection? We may add, however, synonymous, that I may emtores herbarii of this, what was given them in the meantime, we give far, to be able to cooperate with the was the only botanist ‘s writings. 6) any? May citasse Amman everywhere so I made use of the Veronica 13, the horn 4, or as a system of rapid nature Milleri, Du Hamelii and Plumieri icons. 7) Therefore he should call ourselves the number of tablets, half and each section is fixed. 8) When the cited authors do not apply synonymous from these, but their names for their own personal or declared themselves wherever they decided to either deliver or names of such widespread. 9) Not at all. If at the end of whersoever We have discovered a plant from a fixed picture-actualization, their numbers marked in Flora Danica, We philantiae anyone ever convince him? 10) That is my right, because you could not overlook the fact that, as we are doing mention, dropping the books, which were claimed that the velocity of my ridiculous payment terms, this is your fault alone. 11) vaillante and Barreliero Sec. Tournefort ‘s list of the names set out a profession of being belonged to the school Tournefortiana at all intimate. I’m not a professor. 12) Neither do these authors quickly removed their names artistry, but because of the praise, the inventors of the first descriptions of all the most outstanding Clusium owed. So much the less to impute to me the names, and not to enforce any of these you should have, at any time, without which they could neither of the authors and not go at the same time the mention of the deeds of, any of the senses it is. 13) of the names of Bauhinia, my goal is explicitly the purpose of the agreement of the other person was enrolled for the picture galleries that is, not of the kind I have to avenge emtoribus the present books of his best soldiers, with whom they were able to contribute to icons or betony herb herbarium. 14) If anything the prayers of my obtained before you can ask yourself is strongly do not want to send pictures of our other mention of numbers inscribed tablets. 15) Please specify how do you demonstrate that? Is it really necessary finally that every new author and increases the accumulation of images, which already suffers too botany? Is it really means to me, I will not allow you and others in the art and respect him, but the one constant I have chosen my words in his Right? Is based on the knowledge of the name of a plant of any one, Anne, and do not rather, characters, be distinguished from all the rest of the citizens of the kingdom of the vegetable species of which all comes to you! If it shall seem good to some one the characteristics of these from him, nor to others that there were found, selected, defined, for all the things they have known soles of the feet, or on behalf of some coincidental to the number of plants, for example of spontaneous of any one of that country, and to organize a right order, in which the readers of it, upon the contemplation of the plants that lived, manuducentur unto him, every one of character is the sum of complex plants for any signs corresponding to each of the proposed plant squared. If they do with any of the character of the neighbors are separated, as are the foundation of the plant can be predicated, citing authors who have written about such a plant, or simply by indicating the page and place the book or ascribing a name that everyone plants are presented; but he will call the name of no adjecerit from him, flee from the deceitful, nor is it one, and in especial for the accumulation of synonymous or declare by any praeadamatum, as well as that of infancy of the art, and are convinced, therefore, that such a man, and the light of present-day literary, to be sure, of the books and their was a savage, ignorant of the things that are going on in the world master of a grammar, of the implant? 16) These are, indeed, at all events, the malicious nature of the work they have known it, and were unmindful of his promise, or, if using an they have on me, so much the more the wicked and the proud men, that they despise the things that are not yet in the light of their snares. And a stranger will among the men of that kind, indeed, from me, is that you take the number of, the very mention of such a suspicion, you might have to keep away from with ease by, however, as the two former which shall not be more pleased with my causes the offense. and their books to be sure, was a savage, ignorant of the things that are going on in the world master of a grammar, of the implant? 16) These are, indeed, at all events, the malicious nature of the work they have known it, and were unmindful of his promise, or, if using an they have on me, so much the more the wicked and the proud men, that they despise the things that are not yet in the light of their snares. And a stranger will among the men of that kind, indeed, from me, is that you take the number of, the very mention of such a suspicion, you might have to keep away from with ease by, however, as the two former which shall not be more pleased with my causes the offense. and their books to be sure, was a savage, ignorant of the things that are going on in the world master of a grammar, of the implant? 16) These are, indeed, at all events, the malicious nature of the work they have known it, and were unmindful of his promise, or, if using an they have on me, so much the more the wicked and the proud men, that they despise the things that are not yet in the light of their snares. And a stranger will among the men of that kind, indeed, from me, is that you take the number of, the very mention of such a suspicion, you might have to keep away from with ease by, however, as the two former which shall not be more pleased with my causes the offense. 




Linne 13. apr 1768

The Memory when no London now a friend of the handling MATTER is ready to use once the Konstrup deliver the future the Faxelius Secretary Embassy Suecicae to our Court this Flora Danica model colored, the illustrious 500 [omi] no Archiatro from Linne be sent, I have, give the gift to royalty, by beginning with the bundle of the sixth year, that they are made not as yet unto the LORD, Linne arrived, Konstrupii those who have gone into the object of our, some illustrious, however, was chief physician, I ask, they may be accepted of the gift of the witness there to the Lord, Faxelius to send it, from him to me, to hand on, as well as, when it is book profit. There was presented to the nature of the system of associating ourselves with those nuperis the occasion of the latest edition, at last supplied me with the animadversiuncularum The second Book of the days that follow, is the author of the system up with the injury, which I hope will not seriously. Fuller petals covering train was happy increases; but to them that are free for the most part have their birth siccescentibus places, the plants, the smaller and a lean cow. Garlands of yellow tufted saxifrage gets into the system Nat [urae] at our T. 71 petals are white or pale green, and only a bit from the yolk. T is referred to Saxífraga aizoides. 72. I have always prickly edges of the leaves of which are known only by the autumn aizoides is different, since they differ at all, but pallidiorve calycisve color corolla with deep green or subescens often vary in the same stock. Norwegian autumn with a recognized Strom & Vincent. To rush back triglumen tab. 120. Certainly the tab. 130, which is triglumis we have consistently observed that LAPPONICUM tab. 10. f. 5. This figure shows our training Linnaeanae Juncus triglumis tab. 120, it is far more unlike than the figures Juncus biglumis in amoenitatibus University. Leaves in my descriptions to paper and then with a T shape. 120 A living plant is depicted; I see now have been picking up a twisted-suhulata. Arizonicum refers to the rush tab. 167 the rush grow up acicularem not to be, which later in time is the board 287 is shown, but in this the tables of the nomenclature of warnings, my caespitosum, however, which is not yet believe that, as of the culm they are not striate, neither in shape nor in the description of, whom, though now I read it over in the usual way concinnatam at the same time when he was seen in the sole of the painter of the tardèrent , nor prove effective clear to the naked were scum, bivalvis on account of which the ear hears, in my personal soles of the feet should be observed from, nor Reserved foliacea, from the base of the culm sheaths surrounding the mouth of the arising, for the most part, except in the Scirpo cœspitoso is always present. Stratiolem is left to observe that among the hermaphrodites, who believes with certainty ‘S BEARD is to say, if ever there was one in the whole of the sole of the dioic. In fact, the distinction made on them, in addition to the genitals, there is another matter it is huge, because the flowers are solitary by his own foeminimi is always the spatula, the gods above, in the spadice oblique triangle with a stout, proper to the male sex, come great, however, the common spatula bracts are divided up into their own in the long, terete, loss of sensitivity; peduncles. Foeminimi hermaphrodite flowers are lying and the stakes are very similar threads, set the style. We will that these are truly the thread of the pins of the way around the stamens in male flowers, not to be true, it is clear that the same persons in conspicienti, polliniferis endowed with the anthers. When the plants are male foeminimis were much more scattered, and do not let them grow, except in the swamps and in our Siaellandia, it is clear to the access to which is not always and everywhere, he seems to be the cause of, that they are not yet in Denmark, that the men children alive sight of each other, when the opportunity arises, however, I will examine more carefully. At the Holstein and Oldenburg, with a greater supply of plants that as well as easier to gain access to the growing cast into the trenches, in order that there be many hundred times observing them, the flowers of the men children alive, who, if they are few, and sometimes by women, and were far distant, they seem in a woman, hardly could do without for this reason, that of the propagation of the way through the roots and it remains that, as we see the supreme act of nature design for the others, dioc to be made in association with the projection distance and females were present. The ruby ​​flowers chamaemori either sex crippled demonstrates fl [margins] T Denmark. 1. The character chart icon chart demonstrates the merit of Algis transferred to phanerantherum hispidae tab. 154. I would know where to report illustrious Archiater stellariis Flora Danica T. 92 and drab T. 143 and PoÃ¨me the coast of Hudson tab. 251, the vegetable of the sea, from the copious in the world, the earth and the people who live near the famous Oeconomos of Oldenburg, to whom it is fitting for such a place: for this it is also written in Botanicos, And Subulariam Dillcnii T moss. 81, which, if they are not out of my own conjecture of a polyp covered with at that time only by enduring it were from the variety of indicators botanists with the Plantaginis uniflorae, although, with the kinds of Adansonia in the very beginning it has received. KOENIGII I wish that the ride would be Bergerii that his discovery had intended to honor illustrious Bergeri archiatri, patron, and the Institute Botanicum Hafniense first comissariis royalty, for example Tournefortii Fagoniam a doctor district garden Parisian Ephoro party, and I think that honors those botanists with the character and reputation of those who take to themselves the right of these honors in his decisions, and by the authority of their works, they do not Botaniee the advantages of the exaggerations which are less worthy of the practitioner, even if it is of the knowledge of this man, leaning against the which they have not been given the work of botanists. Shew them the form of a plant, such as she brought it to seas out of Island Koenigs, to dry ideals of correcting, Flora Danica is a file from the sixth, already have delivered to me, but the hope of seeing a plant that I may live of the seed of intelligence was brought that had been arising from this. Copenhagen, 13 April 1768. Öeder 



Linne 24. feb 1770

Illustrious Charles hellnika, Knight of the Golden Sec., Health lurima says Georg Christian Öeder. Your answer two letters, the first data 4 October 1769, following the most recent alleged courier, sent 26 of December of the previous year need your ignoscentia been postponed because the former has already earned a response. There are many me to pass by and felt that a year, Exuperia, in which we find ourselves at a part of the exact distinguishes the cares, labors, from the botanical knowledge of a strange man, do you wait for what would be done, who has given me, the fates and is near the, and on the, but think of the same of the garden of our destiny, the care of myself, and with its elimination, but, rather, by the very fact that it might be as much as possible serious. Then, when you & the mind from the Zoegea Our strength & a Murray Goettingensi I understood it to be, by the illustrious man, the new denomination of any one kind of plants, we can adorn my name’s sake, that thou and anxious for this, am I to judge a plant that, as it would be, as he himself, which more than any other to me, blew, her coach from the sole of the addition of such a described in the in the meantime, dispiciens had I fallen in Liliaceae, exspectabamque icon of the Icon of his of a painter have prepared for. Was selected for the accounts of, if, indeed, to be trained by the permission has been given, these are almost all to me, that they may desire to be worshiped with us, and the things pleasing to a kind of splendor of your beauty when it is not a plant that is not too difficult it can be and, therefore, I have taught. In fact, the cause of all these names, with the laying on of honor, this becomes a habit in the political world of botany, who will help to have the intruments of our name is under the eyes of the monuments of. We now stand with the choice between the teeth, which we have proposed, and the bulbosam Blausternchen than the display intended to say. I am sorry, indeed, this year he is not good to be able to arrive in sending to the Koenigs, of our indicarum of the ships was with her, to touch upon things that are in the way, Chinensi the shore of the tranquebaricus be expected, that had recently been detained in the ice and injured, reprisals for the manslayer, up to now, nor is shot out of the harbor, and is forced to ask for now is the right Chinam. I am sorry to say much more worried and waiting for a good man to know. Now earns twice as salaries, other medical missions and religious historian to King, who at the time of the imperial title King forward salary 180 died, while in the past four years, only a promise made. Of silver, well, I believe that our wages of them, to complete the sum of 500 thalers each. ‘I will send to you at another time, out of the seed from the icon of the Icon sibthorpii of your KOENIGII from Islam of foreign Madera immediately the king sent, and given rise to different of the wanton. The seed shall he send his frequent communication with the others, some of the less dense bodies, some of which are succrescuntque they come to us from time to time. This brings the picture funguli recent summer I discovered that what they refer to is quite fast. For its structure is of course very much unmatched. The unique model as it gets. There is produced: you will very soon; the ninth, is a file from Flora Danica, Danica, container, attached to the previous enumeration of the parts of plants flowered Cryptantheras. We will take care of both the book last opportunity addamque little political argument about the condition of the peasants in the amendment last year by me, without a name, German, Danish lately in the world. Now on 21 February. Now had to be closed to the letter, tomorrow, on Feb. 25, fetched deliver excuse for a painter is not a complete picture of Lily on his promise. In the meantime, I do not wish to retain with the additions in the letters of their own, for example, leaf, containing the description of the above-mentioned Koenigianam my bulbous plants are ideal for you Oedera Forskålianae paniculata plant can be said to be the pastures of the grains of which are of justice were called the a number of Forskållianam bulbous. The Forskålianorum posthumorum edition Certainly I can not predict, before they were hauled out of the itinerary Niebnhr reasons, banished from the form and nature of all previously determined. In the meantime, when the Lord of Niebuhr with his curls, which Christ, whole, a tireless places, and we forskåliana We will strive to restore to order, how long a time, and other business from attending to them, and now the Zoega, our comparison of the herbs and dry with a know how to give, almost, were acquitted, which is handwritten, when the hand of the blessed of men, not less, is the clear & in the charters: the Sibylline they are drawn up, have taken care to be transmuted into the compact on the paper sheaves. It will become clear from the following passages posthumis & most industrious men, helpers of the many merits of these, nor, as far as in me is, I possibly suffer for the ornamentation of his memory. Good-bye, a man of extraordinary to me that you tremendous services for the dignity of having come here to support you go! Copenhagen, on February 24, 1770. Icons and bulbous 